Master what did you say master
master
The disciple receives the grace of the master's preaching and teaching
Never repaid
It's a pity that the disciple has lost his heart
There is only revenge in this life
I would rather die than die
If there is an afterlife, it will be rewarded with the grace of this life
What are you doing?
Junior brother, what are you talking about?
I don't understand.
Master, what did he say?
Senior sister, take good care of the master after I leave
Take care of yourself too
I have something to figure out
I have to go to the devil's world
Brother, no matter where you go in the future
I want to go with you
Never part
OK.
But the road ahead is dangerous
The road ahead is dangerous
Then you will definitely protect me, right?
I promise you.
Anyway.
I will protect you
Ying Feng, you must remember
Wherever you go in the future
We will always be here waiting for your return.
Good adult
It's getting late.
Here we go.